# ComputerVision_CIFAR10

Deep neural networks are more of a general-purpose model while convolutional neural networks are specifically for computer vision problems. By understanding the DNN and CNN architectures, the differences between the two will be understood including why CNN is more suited for image processing.  Deep neural networks and convolutional neural networks are created to develop a neural network that can accurately classify the CIFAR-10 dataset images. These experiments will compare the two architectures and their effect on the accuracy of the classifications, which can also be visualized. Regularization techniques will be used as well when using these model architectures to prevent overfitting. Please refer to the report on the different network experiments. 

The CNN architecture does a better job extracting important features from the input images than that of DNN. The convolutional layers in the CNN architecture use filters to extract the high correlation features from the images for each filter. The filters are able to capture different features from the images to then be processed in the max pooling layer to be summarized. The effectiveness of these two layers in discriminating between classes are evident by the test accuracies in the CNN models. The DNN models had a test accuracy of around 0.50 while the CNN models had an accuracy of 0.71. However, DNN models had a much faster processing time than CNN models as well as using less computation power. The use of regularization also helped with preventing high variance and overfitting in the models especially as they became more complex.
